21/ Fortunes require leverage. Business leverage comes from capital, people, and products with no marginal cost of replication (code and media).
22/ Capital means money. To raise money, apply your specific knowledge, with accountability, and show resulting good judgment.
23/ Labor means people working for you. It's the oldest and most fought-over form of leverage. Labor leverage will impress your parents, but don’t waste your life chasing it.
24/ Capital and labor are permissioned leverage. Everyone is chasing capital, but someone has to give it to you. Everyone is trying to lead, but someone has to follow you.
25/ Code and media are permissionless leverage. They're the leverage behind the newly rich. You can create software and media that works for you while you sleep.
26/ An army of robots is freely available - it's just packed in data centers for heat and space efficiency. Use it.
27/ If you can't code, write books and blogs, record videos and podcasts.
28/ Leverage is a force multiplier for your judgement.
29/ Judgement requires experience, but can be built faster by learning foundational skills.
30/ There is no skill called “business.” Avoid business magazines and business classes.
31/ Study microeconomics, game theory, psychology, persuasion, ethics, mathematics, and computers.
32/ Reading is faster than listening. Doing is faster than watching.
33/ You should be too busy to “do coffee," while still keeping an uncluttered calendar.
34/ Set and enforce an aspirational personal hourly rate. If fixing a problem will save less than your hourly rate, ignore it. If outsourcing a task will cost less than your hourly rate, outsource it.
35/ Work as hard as you can. Even though who you work with and what you work on are more important than how hard you work.
36/ Become the best in the world at what you do. Keep redefining what you do until this is true.
37/ There are no get rich quick schemes. That's just someone else getting rich off you.
38/ Apply specific knowledge, with leverage, and eventually you will get what you deserve.
39/ When you're finally wealthy, you'll realize that it wasn't what you were seeking in the first place. But that's for another day.
     The Thread Was Written By - Naval Ravikant You Can Read It here https://twitter.com/naval